About section (read More button not clicked):

<div class="flex flex-col gap-6"><h2 class="font-mobiletitle">About</h2><div class="relative w-full"><div class="relative overflow-hidden transition-all duration-500 ease-in-out" style="max-height:4rem"><div class="transition-all duration-300 ease-in-out font-body"><p>We welcome you to India's historically rich, perpetually colourful, and ever-so-happening capital with our vibrant Zostel Delhi. Situated in the heart of the capital, Zostel Delhi makes quick excursions to Old Delhi's famed monuments, frenzied bazaars, and the coolest pubs effortless. To experience the city like a true Dilliwala, hop on the metro and explore the museums and parks, try the city's unmatchable street food, and come back to a social vibe like no other. Zostel Delhi offers seamless metro, airport, and railway connectivity.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Recommended experiences:</strong></p><p>Explore heritage sites; take nature walks in biodiversity parks; shop from Delhi Haat; relish street food near Jama Masjid. Watch the sunset at Hauz Khas Fort.</p></div><div class="absolute bottom-0 left-0 right-0 h-8 bg-gradient-to-t from-light-background-primary dark:from-dark-background-primary via-light-background-primary/80 dark:via-dark-background-primary/80 to-transparent pointer-events-none"></div></div><button class="mt-1 underline hover:text-light-brand-zostel dark:hover:text-dark-brand-zostel font-body transition-colors duration-200">View More</button></div></div>

About section (read More button clicked):

<div class="flex flex-col gap-6"><h2 class="font-mobiletitle">About</h2><div class="relative w-full"><div class="relative overflow-hidden transition-all duration-500 ease-in-out" style="max-height: 357px;"><div class="transition-all duration-300 ease-in-out font-body"><p>We welcome you to India's historically rich, perpetually colourful, and ever-so-happening capital with our vibrant Zostel Delhi. Situated in the heart of the capital, Zostel Delhi makes quick excursions to Old Delhi's famed monuments, frenzied bazaars, and the coolest pubs effortless. To experience the city like a true Dilliwala, hop on the metro and explore the museums and parks, try the city's unmatchable street food, and come back to a social vibe like no other. Zostel Delhi offers seamless metro, airport, and railway connectivity.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Recommended experiences:</strong></p><p>Explore heritage sites; take nature walks in biodiversity parks; shop from Delhi Haat; relish street food near Jama Masjid. Watch the sunset at Hauz Khas Fort.</p></div></div><button class="mt-1 underline hover:text-light-brand-zostel dark:hover:text-dark-brand-zostel font-body transition-colors duration-200">View Less</button></div></div>
